#Overview
###Client
Our client is University of Bristol Computer Science Society (CSS), a group at the University of Bristol that represents the computer science student body and arranges events such as socials and talks related to computer science for people at the University of Bristol. They also run a mentor scheme, advertise job openings exclusive to students that are interested in computer science. As our client is a representant of the student body, they take a lot of care when it comes to the welfare of their members. So a way to communicate with their members is important. CSS also host very large events where attendance is normally in the hundreds. So they have to make sure that events are organised very well and very efficiently. CSS is run by a committee of members who are elected by the student body, all committee members are themselves also computer science.

###Application Domain
This app will be mainly used by students who are members of the Bristol Computer Science Society, although all University students will have access to it. It will be used as a social media type app where members of CSS will use it daily to view events and updates posted as well as engage with the new updates. Due to it being an app, it can be used anywhere, most of the time regular computer science students will use the app in their free time anywhere. Where as admins and committee members of CSS will use it as a means to organise and promote events, and so it can be used in meetings between CSS committee members. This application will exist in the quaternary sector as it provides information services to the people who use it. 

###Problem to solve
Currently, CSS are using facebook to organise events. The client has a preference to shift to their own platform to give them more control, ease and flexibility when planning events. The main problem that they put across to us is that, currently while using Facebook as a platform to organise events the events organised were not reaching every member of CSS. Due to many people not having Facebook. This severely affects the outreach of CSS. Another problem is that the Wiki that CSS developed is not known by many people and as such was not being used. We want to incorporate this feature into the app so users can view it, and engage with it by adding further information to the Wiki.

###Vision for product
Our solution to the problem is to create a system in the form of a mobile app that is easy to navigate. Users will be able to interact with the app in a way that enables them to use all the features in the app. Users will be able to login using their “MyBristol” accounts and create their own personalised profile which will allow them to be identified when interacting or posting onto the app, by using their “MyBristol” accounts it means that many more people can access the information to events held by CSS. All profile details will be stored in our own databases that we create. By also adding the Wiki feature to the app, it will also become more accessible CSS members and will be used and engaged with more.